Update issue templates [skip-ci] (#6330)
root-project/root: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to get an issue fixed
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: Axel-Naumann

---

> **Describe the bug**
> A clear and concise description of what the wrong behavior is.

Reviewer: The titles could be actual headers and the explanations could be invisible comments. The first is for ease of reading and the second so that you don't have to bother deleting the text every time you open an issue (for devs and power issue-openers).

```suggestion
## Problematic behavior**
<!-- A clear and concise description of what the wrong behavior is. -->
```

Reviewer 2: 👍 for the headers. Also remove the `**` after the header.

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Your code that triggers the issue: at least a part; ideally something we can run ourselves.

> 1. Don't forget to attach the required input files!
> 1. How to run your code: build it / `root myMacro.C` / ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Don't forget to attach the required input files!
3. How to run your code and or build it, e.g. `root myMacro.C`, ...
```
I understand what markdown does, but when the users see the template, the numberings are not markdown-ed yet.
